remember DC nation me neither probably
because it was on when nobody else was I
bring this up because Teen Titans go was
there as a pilot on this block and
instead of dying with the rest of the
block it managed to keep going Teen
Titans go more like Teen Titans no Teen
Titans blow was created by people who
know nothing of the original shell and
probably like duke nukem forever the
comedy is just farts and waffles
constant annoying shouting the
characters act like toddlers and all
their personalities have been
drastically changed Robin is a
power-hungry egomaniacs starfire's g3 my
little pony the person and Beast Boy and
cyborgs are just idiots they didn't
really change Raven they just made her a
brownie but this makes it even more
insulting when they make her just as
stupid as everybody else the art style
is round and colorful and it's the best
part of the show it's got the expressive
eyes and faces that I like and the
animation is pretty solid it actually
works for the type of show that it is
they brought back the original voice
cast but I don't see why if we're gonna
change it this much some episodes have
songs there one or two lyrics to use to
pad out 11 minutes a lot of the times
the lyrics are just fucking shouting
yeah that's something they like to do
shout it's irritating and I hate it I
have a problem with loud annoying sounds
alarms sirens and screaming are all
things that really piss me off sorry
just really don't like this show a show
can be offensively stupid like when they
try to rewrite some of the episodes to
make the Teen Titans look like even
bigger idiots this show can be
offensively stupid at times like when
they rewrite old episodes from Teen
Titans just to make the characters look
like even bigger assholes the humor
tries to be random but fails just saying
waffles isn't funny it's not that weird
of a word everything I could say about
the humor in the show has already been
set by mr. enter so I'll link his video
right here maybe if this show was made
up of all new characters I could see the
appeal but the show is just too
insulting of the spin-off I know people
who like this and that's fine like what
you want or
don't like touching kids are killing
people that's universally wrong but it's
okay if you disagree with my reviews I'm
giving Teen Titans Joe Rogan questions
everything a ten out of a hundred now if
you'll excuse me I have to go jack off
too Betty Boop and remember how the 90s
were much better than everything else